CTA database-

Engagement (like, comment, save, share)	Follow 	Sales 
Tag someone below who needs to hear this!	Follow for more (industry) education!	Want to learn more information about (product/service)? Tap the link in my bio.
Remember to save this post for the next time you do X! 	Follow @_______ for more (industry) tips!	DM me the word “X” for more information! 
Drop a 'X' emoji if you agree!	Want to see more content like this? Make sure to follow! 	Want results like this? DM me “X” to schedule a 1:1 call!
Share this with your best-friend/mom/golf buddy!	If you actually found this post valuable make sure to follow because I post stuff like this everyday! 	Want more information? Click on my (highlight name) highlight!
Double tap if you found this valuable!	Want more (industry) tips/hacks for the Free? Make sure to follow! 	Still confused but what to learn more? Click the link in my bio for more information! 
Want to remember this? Make sure to save this post! 	Want to achieve (dream result) but not sure how? Follow for more (industry) content where I show you exactly how too!	DM me to find out how you can go from X to (dream result)! 
Comment below your opinion on X! 	I share all the secrets when it comes to getting (dream result). Don’t believe me? Follow and find out! 	Ready to take action? DM me the word “X”!
Still confused? Comment below you questions! 	Do you want to achieve (dream result) but have no idea where to start? Follow for all the education you could possibly need! 	Click the link in my bio to download your free X!
Would you do this? Yes or no? Comment below! 	I am an (title) and if you want to learn more (industry) education make sure to follow! 	DM me for the link
Do you know a (avatar) make sure to share this them! 	I have been a (title) for the last X years. On my page I share all the lessons I have learned. Interested? make sure to follow! 	Ready to save £X? Buy today with code [insert code]

Share this with the person you thought of! 	On my page I am sharing all the secrets that helped me achieve (dream result) make sure to follow so you don’t miss it! 	Hurry! Limited spaces remaining! Click the link in my bio to register. 
Comment questions you have about (industry) and I will answer them in the next videos! 	Are you a (avatar) make sure to follow for more (industry) related content! 	Ready to hire out X? Click the link in my bio to see if we would be a good fit!
If you found this relatable make sure to drop a like! 	I have done (huge number) of X… want to learn how to do the same? Make sure to follow! 	Interested? Click the link and book a discovery call to learn more! 