These hooks needs to have placeholders like the kind we have in our database so that they are more usable for any niche

He always trains his calves using a full range of motion. And he… only does the top half. Who do you think will grow bigger calves?
Day in the life of a TikTok clipper making $20,000 a month.
My 5-8 before my 8-5 as a 24 year old
I’m gonna save you 30 MINUTES off your next workout, with 3 simple tips.
Here are my top 3 biceps exercises OF ALL TIME.
What’s the least amount of work you can do and still make gains?
It’s time to throw away your microphone.
What are you supposed to do once you can’t add any more weight to an exercise?
Every parent wants their daughter to marry a CEO…
Ever since I was 5 years old I always wondered, “Is it possible to win one of the big prizes at an arcade?”
This video will make me RICH! At least… I hope so.
Are you buying the product or are you buying the brand? Pans Edition!
Everyone wants to work at Amazon until you find out… that you are getting SCAMMED.
Now you may HATE Taylor Swift, but there is no denying that this is one of the GREATEST songs of all time.
I finally found it. I found why the video quality of so many content creators looks so much better than yours.
Are you still manually posting from the Instagram app?
Can you make $1,000 a day selling Christmas trees?
How I make $8,000 a month shopping at Ross
Is it possible to get rich by selling Christmas trees?
Gen Z’s are getting FIRED at alarming rates.
This is how most of you guys use ChatGPT…
I don’t know who needs to hear this but the idea that you can change your life by simply “working harder” is BULLSHIT.
My 2 hour work from home morning routine
I’m sorry, I don’t know who needs to hear this, but this mindset will NOT make you successful.
CapCut users… I finally figured it out. I figured out how all these content creators find these movie clips so easily.
Being a programmer means you could look at everything and think, “I could build that”
POV: you and your friend realize at 2 AM you need to lock in.
Everyone is learning Python, nobody is learning logic.
What I have made from social media $$
Four more Visual Studio Code extensions that will make your projects… POP!
This is how I took my reels from SHIT to absolutely PRINTING views in just a couple months, using the power of AI.
How I became an accountant (My accounting story)
When you get the “we talked and we’re going to hold off” text from your client…
Kanye West got STUPID rich by exploiting men’s insecurities.
How much money did Madeline Argy actually make from EXPOSING Central Cee on TikTok?
All it takes is 21 days to build your dream life and I’m going to prove it to you in the next 90 seconds.
This girl made the absolute BIGGEST MISTAKE of her life, and it’s going to cost her a TON.
I’m about to give away my $500 content system for FREE.
Have you ever struggled to find the perfect background music for your video?
This kid became a millionaire at just SIXTEEN.
Get paid in US dollars as much as you can, and as fast as you can.
Have you had BURNOUT? I think I’ve come close, at various points.
It’s time to FIRE all your editors.
Four more Visual Studio Code extensions that will make programming POP!
I tried going from BROKE to RICH in 30 days.
I’m gonna EXPOSE Victoria’s secret sales technique.
There is some evidence that older siblings have higher IQs than their younger siblings.
How to SURVIVE 17 hours on the world’s best business class.
Did you know… these glasses that I wear in these videos and stuff are actually FAKE?
No revenge because I make your entire workday closing 1 deal.
Here’s the ONE chord NO beginner guitarist can play.
You ever wonder how people like MrBeast get millions, and even BILLIONS of views on their videos?
You guys I hate to break it to you, but I’ve gotta be the one to say it…
Gary Vee said I can make $100 a day flipping stuff at garage sales.
Crazy Train in every mode.
How much money did Central Cee make from CHEATING on his girlfriend?
Here’s how to get out of a slump.
Not to flex… but I’m actually fucking GOATED at viral content marketing.
Here’s how to build authentication into your app… FOR FREE.
After watching 137 videos on how to make money online, these are the 2 BEST videos that will actually help you make your first $100,000 under 12 months. And the second one will blow your mind!
Here’s how you can add a search engine to your coding projects… FOR FREE.
Start telling people what to do. Girls, what’s more attractive?
Shot on iPhone 14 Pro (my phone settings)
Start an Amazon FBA business in 2024.
How I make $15,000 a month shopping at Costco
Comments vs. NO Comments in programming
If you want a man to spend money, just tell him he’s BROKE.
When powerful manifestors speak, they…
How to align with your highest timeline in 30 days (or less)
After reading 189 books on self improvement, these are the 2 BEST books that’s actually helped me make my first $1,000,000 in revenue online.
AI has changed school FOREVER!
So Dharmesh Shah just made 15 MILLION DOLLARS by selling Chat.com to Sam Altman.
Boy math is buying 100 pairs of Nike shoes for $30 each.
How to make $10,000 a month shopping at Dollar Tree
Jeff Bezos just announced a partnership that’s gonna make me $100 million.
I want to start selling on Amazon but I don’t know where to start.
I’m EXPOSING this 21 year old, that makes over $5,000,000 per month… and the person is ME.
Welcome back to automating my life, with Python.
These 3 YouTubers will teach you more about business than ANY college degree, and the last one was the key to helping me make my first $1,000,000 online in revenue.
What the universe sees when you’re trying to manifest your dreams with desperate energy:
I think many creatives are better off, rather than freelancing or starting an agency, doing what I call a “Creative Studio.”
The computer science market is COOKED.
A lot of people think that money comes from hard work.
Kamala Harris’s pronouns are BOSS BITCH. She’s gonna win the election guys.
Here’s how I’d make that Hawk Tuah girl a millionaire… without OnlyFans.
This one’s for all the software developers out there that HATE meetings.
So if you wanna buy your girl a $15,000 bag, you need to invest that $15,000 first. Let me put you on game.
If you’re an advanced guitar player, here are 5 great guitar solos you should be able to play.
9 months ago I made the dumb decision to start a TikTok Shop.
Here are 30 amazing guitar players you should know.
It is MORE important to go to university in 2024, not LESS.
Here’s how to actually FOCUS and get your work done 5 TIMES as quickly.
7 days to get CRYSTAL clarity on what you ACTUALLY want (so you can manifest it)
Here’s the WRONG way vs. the RIGHT way to practice the pentatonic scale.
Yeah, money is great and all, but have you ever made your parents proud?
How I quantum leaped in my biz over the years.
Welcome back to automating my life, with JavaScript.
I DROPPED OUT of college 4 months ago to go all in on my online business.
Fender or Gibson. Which do you prefer?
Day in the life of an Amazon Reseller

Here are more from a different hook database but they have placeholders

Education	Myths 	Step-by-Step Systems 	Common Mistakes 	Authority 
This is how to (industry tip/hack) in under 60 seconds	You’re being brainwashed into believing this  (industry) myth.	I charge my clients $X-$X per year, and today I am going to show you my favorite (insert industry) strategy so you can steal it and use it for yourself. 	If you are stuck at/with (industry-related pain point) and you want (dream result) then you got to stop making this (industry) mistake. 	This week/month/year I dream result) using this method.
Next time you do X and you want (dream result) do this immediately before/during/after 	If I had a dollar for every time I saw someone falling for (industry myth) I would be rich son of a…	This is how to (industry-related thing you will teach them) in under 60 seconds. 	You need to stop (common industry related task)! Well… at least until you do this one thing first	This strategy helped me get X in X days, here is exactly how I did it 
Here is a (industry) hack that most people don’t know about	Why (popular industry belief) is complete BS	What should you do if you want to (industry-related result) in (timeframe) 	(common industry mistake) is destroying your (insert dream result) 	I have done 291,200 (task ex. calf raises) in the last decade here is the best way to achieve (dream result) 
Have you ever wondered how to get (dream result) don’t worry I won’t gate-keep here is exactly how	The oldest lady to ever lived drank and smoked cigarettes until she was 116 years old. So if you believe you have to be perfect to achieve X your wrong. 	X is overrated heres how to actually get (dream result)  	Your throwing (dream results) under the freaking bus if you are doing this! 	I went from X to X in X (days/months/years) here is exactly how we did it so you can to
Unethical ways to get (dream result)	Not seeing (dream result) then you might be falling for this common (industry) myth that’s stealing your results 	Here is how to double, triple, or even 10X your (desired result) in 3 steps 	If I had a dollar for every time I saw someone falling for this common (industry) mistake I would be rich son of a…. 	I took my client from X to X in X (days/months/years) here is exactly how we did it so you can to. I should be charging you for this information! 
Here is a (industry) hack I bet you didn’t know, I kind of wanted to gate-keep this but screw it I am feeling generous. 	Here are 5 common myths popular (niche) influencers want you to believe	I am going to show you how to hack the X in 30 seconds 	X is dead, stop focusing on it for (desired result) 	Steal my strategy to get (ideal customers dream result)
If YOU want (desired result) then listen up) 	Here are the top (number) (industry) myths you are being fooled by that are ruining your chances of achieving (dream result) 	I should be charging for what I am about to tell you! 	I have been an X for over X years, here are 3 common mistakes I see newbies make that you should avoid	I am going to show you how I did X for my client in less than 1 hour
I made 10 times more X when I put all my effort towards X	If you are doing (insert industry myth) you can 100% guarantee you will never achieve (dream result) here's why	The top .1% of (avatar) do this	Stop making this (common mistake) it will just give your mother-in-law one more reason to hate you 	If you had (common industry problem) and hired me to get you too (dream result) in just X days, these are the main X things we would do
The greatest X of our generation said (valuable industry advice person said) 	-controversial statement about your industry revolving around myth- ex. yellow bananas make you fat 	Heres how to get your (desired result) in X steps	Here are 3 newbie (industry) mistakes you should avoid to see (dream result) 10x faster 	I’m going to show YOU how I helped/created (industry related result) in (X time)
I have made/done/grown (desired result) here are 3 things I wish I knew earlier 	Remember when you were a kid and your parents used to tell you (industry related myth) Well they were lying to you… 	This is YOUR SIGN to finally start X. Here are the first X steps you need to take! 	You need to (common mistake) at least that what all the gurus are trying to tell you but their WRONG	Take if from someone who has been in the industry for X years/decades, here is the best way to achieve (dream result) 
(industry) hack I bet you didn't know about	Doing (industry myth) is like taking relationship advice from someone who was divorced 7 times. It's not going to get you very far when trying to achieve (dream result) 	I studied the top 10 (avatar) of the last decade and here is the X step framework they all   follow to achieve (dream result)	(common industry mistake) is like bringing a knife to a gun fight… You are the only one who is going to end up getting hurt in the process. 	- play a viral video for 5 seconds that relates  to your niche- give your professional opinion after 
I studied the top 10 (Ex. body builders, marketers, business owners, etc) of the last decade and here are the 3 things they all had in common	Remember when your mom used to tell you “if you keep making that face, it'll stay that way”. Well (industry myth) is about as true as that. But instead of mom wanting you to believe that it’s marketers who want you to buy. 	Want to impress all your (avatar - ex. golf buddies) with (desired result) here is the exact step by step process to get there. Trust me the look on their face will be so worth it	You would see better results (ridiculous way to see results) than (insert common mistake) 	I have worked with over X clients, you can practically call me the Gandhi of (industry). Here is how you actually get (dream result). 
I studied (huge number) (industry related item) here are the top 10 best X - ex. I studied 1,237 viral hooks and here are the top 10 best preforming hooks	(industry myth) is about as true as Santa Clause. I mean obviously  he is real (wink) 	If you only have X hours per week to achieve (dream result) here is what you should do	Making this (industry) mistake is the equivalent to going to the gym to get fit but only eating junk. You will never achieve your desired results, yet so many people still do it. Here is why you need to stop now! 	You take advice from a doctor when your sick, you take advice from (your name) when your trying to get (dream result). Here are the 3 best ways I teach my clients to achieve that. 
This (Industry related website/tool/software/book) is so good it should be illegal 	Saying (industry myth) is like saying I am the rock (flex your arm) its complete BS. 	If I only had 1 hour a day to work on (dream result) this is exactly step by step what I would do	You have a better chance winning the lottery than achieving (dream result) doing (common mistake) 	(insert jaw dropping statistic) my name is (your name) and I am a (title) and this is 100% accurate
I am going to tell you what took me X years to learn in 60 seconds about (industry) 	Marketers want you to believe (industry myth) so you will buy their products but here is why that isn't actually true	If I only had 30 days to achieve (dream result) here is a breakdown of what I would do	You have a better chance of beating the rock in an arm wrestling competition than achieving (dream result) doing (common mistake)	Here are 5 hard truths about (industry/niche) from a (title) 
If I new what I was about to tell you when I was 20 I would be so (dream result) today. 	I would bet (something very important to you) that the reason you aren’t achieving X is because your falling for (industry myth) 	If I could only do 1 thing to achieve (dream result) I would do X	I am literally shooting myself in the foot by telling this but I am feeling generous so here is my exact strategy to getting (dream result you charge people to help get) 	I only work on my (dream result) for X minutes per week and it looks like this/or make me $ per year 
I did/or didn’t do X for 30 days straight and here are the results 	I didn’t do (industry myth) for 365 days straight and here are the results. SIKE I have not done this for YEARS because it’s a common (industry) myth that a ton of people fall for when trying to achieve (dream result)	I have (dream result) but if I had to start from scratch today this is a breakdown of exactly what I would do 	Here are X things you should avoid like the plague if you want (dream result)	Do you feel (ideal customer pain point) I am a (title) and I have help people go from X to X in X (time). Here is the best thing you can do…
Here is a secret (industry) tip/hack that helped me achieve (dream result) 	You have better odds getting a letter being invited to Hogwarts than achieving (dream result) by doing (industry myth)	Here is a breakdown on how to get (dream result) in under 60 seconds 	I am going to upset a lot of people by saying this but (insert common mistake) wont actually get you (dream result) here is why	I am a (title) and here are the top X things someone with (Characteristic or item - ex. money or depression) wants you to know 
This may just be the most important video you watch today. 	(industry myth) is about as real as vampires, dragons, and fairy’s. They aren't true…	The secret strategy to (dream result) is right under your nose… Because you are probably holding your phone under your nose right now and I am about to tell you.  	You have been told by your parents, teachers, and authority figures that (common mistake) will get you (dream result). I am a (title) who has achieved (dream result) and helped many others do the same. Here is exactly why this is wrong. 	Would you take advice from someone who has (dream result you have achieved) if your answer is yes I have done that for myself and a ton of my clients. Here is my best advice when it comes to achieving (dream result) 
The top .1% of (insert avatar) don’t want you to know this one secret. 	I am going to make a lot of people angry by saying this but you have been lied too and deserve to know the truth. You know how people say (insert myth) well thats not actually true…	Here is an exact breakdown of how to achieve (dream result) that they don’t teach you at school	Want to know why most people fail at (dream result) it’s not because their lazy/dumb its actually because of this (industry) common mistake	Who would you rather A) take advice from someone who achieved (dream result) or B) someone who repeats information but hasn't actually done the thing. Most people will answer A but they do the opposite and learn from a college professor teaching stuff they haven’t done in real life. Here are X things you should know if you want to achieve (dream result) that a college professor wont teach you. 